>> Brian Holt: So as an exercise,
just to kind of prove that you can,
I'm gonna say, why don't you go do cat?
And make that work for yourself,
and then you can actually read your secret
file inside of your rooted directory.
>> Brian Holt: Let's do cat, so
the first thing we're gonna do is
we're gonna copy slash bin slash
cat into my new root slash
bin core we're gonna say
LDD slash bin slash cat.
And looks we just have these two so
we're gonna say copy blah,
copy blah into.
That's gonna go into my new route / lib,
okay?
So now we're gonna change route root,
into my new root and
we're gonna run bash and
we're gonna say cat secret txt and
it says, my super secret thing.
>> Brian Holt: It's pwd work it does, okay
so you can see here, according to this
process, it thinks that it's in its
root directory, which is wild, right?
It's not, right, it's in my new
whatever I called it, my new root.
So, you could call this process that
we're in right now jailed, right?
It cannot see outside of
the directory that it's in right now.
So, if you had Coca-Cola and Pepsi running
next to each other on the same server and
you jailed both of their processes,
no matter what, they're not gonna be
able to at least use the file system
to navigate to the other one, right.
And you can imagine that they're not
privileged that they can't just exit
out of their jail, right, that you just
dump them into the jailed process, and
you don't tell them you're
in a jailed process.
So, the first step is
locking down the file system,
for us building containers.
One question you might ask me is,
is there a less burdensome way than having
to manually copy everything by hand?
To get a new bare metal instance
of a Linux distribution, and
the answer is there is, and we're
gonna show you shortly how to do that,
but the difference is this one I'm just
literally just copying stuff over.
The shortcut I'm gonna show you,
it's gonna download about 150
megabytes worth of stuff cuz it's gonna
download a brand-new copy of Debian,
which is on one hand, it's one command,
so it's less burdensome.
On the other hand,
it takes a minute or two to do so, so
you're gonna have to
weigh your options there.
>> Speaker 1: Question.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
>> Speaker 1: So,
whenever you create
something like this and
you have to replicate the same
structure that the binary in this case
requires, otherwise,
>> Brian Holt: It won't know where to find
them- [INAUDIBLE].
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, exactly,
that's why the paths are important.
And you'll notice here that
I had you put in a lib 64,
sometimes there will be
64 libraries there, and
you can just tell by this is lib,
it'll say lib 64 here instead of lib.
For whatever reason this particular,
I actually don't know why it changes from
time-to-time, but in this particular case,
we didn't have anything to copy to the lib
64 directory, but
sometimes you will, right?